chore(README): add hint to @ubilabs/react-google-maps (#520)
ubilabs/react-geosuggest: README.md

</html>
```

> You can use [@ubilabs/react-google-maps](https://github.com/visgl/react-google-maps) to intialize the Google Maps API and load the the require Google Maps libraries.

Reviewer: Double "the":

> load **the the** require Google Maps libraries

> You can use [@ubilabs/react-google-maps](https://github.com/visgl/react-google-maps) to intialize the Google Maps API and load the the require Google Maps libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use [@ubilabs/react-google-maps](https://github.com/visgl/react-google-maps) to initialize the Google Maps API and load the required Google Maps libraries.
```
